+++
date = 2025-10-09
title = "Media Woes"
image = "/images/jellyfin.png"
+++

## Fighting temptations

It is so easy to think buying more storage space will ease my growing pains. I am running out of space since trying out Usenet and the Arr media automation suite. The automation aspect is new to me when I am familiar with peer to peer file sharing. 

I need to first try a few things before expanding my storage resources.
- tdarr: standardize my library
- autopurge: set rules to automate pruning my library. 
    - daily shows like Late Night with Seth Meyers needs a “if watched, delete” or “if older than 7 days, delete”
    - documentaries, musicals, comic specials… that delete after marked watched 
    - capabilities of excluding explicit content eg a documentary I want to rewatch 
    - able to hold polls for regular libraries for deletion, triggered manually or based on data “age of file and or numbers of playback”
- set better sonarr, radarr rules for its automated searches.  


Update: I haven’t tried most of these strategies except for a half ass attempt at FileFlows (Tdarr alternative). I passed thru GPU, added it to the flow, but still didn’t appear to be utilized. My file eta was a week or so. I think CPU was still in use. Anyway will see how new build will work.  

I will commit here to include apps like Cleanuparr, Dispatcharr, Huntarr, Maintainerr, Configarr. The automation could use rules to tighten the format I need and to clean up watched media especially if it is comedian specials, documentaries, daily late night shows, and similar types of movies or shows.